docs: Installation guide supported platforms (#2284)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/examples/ref_che-supported-platforms-and-installation-methods.adoc

//
// supported_platforms

The following section provides information about the availability of {prod-short} {prod-ver} on {platforms-name} infrastructures.

{prod} can be installed on:

* {kubernetes} infrastructures starting at version {kube-ver-min}
* {ocp} starting at version 4.8

{prod} can be installed on all major Public Clouds such as:

* Amazon Web Services
* Google Cloud
* IBM Cloud
* Microsoft Azure
* Rancher

> WARNING: Setting up [Users' Authentication](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/) is required for deploying {prod-short} on {kubernetes} infrastructures. For {ocp} no additional setup is needed.

Reviewer: You are using markdown links, you should use asciidoc instead.

Author: ack, used what was suggested in https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-docs/pull/2284#discussion_r849692962 ;-)

Author: fixed

Reviewer: oh sorry, my fault 😄

|OperatorHub
|===

> WARNING: Setting up an OIDC provider is required for deploying {prod-short} on {kubernetes} infrastructures. For {ocp} no additional setup is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Setting up [users authentication](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/) is required for deploying {prod-short} on {kubernetes} infrastructures. For {ocp} no additional setup is needed.
```

Reviewer: Reading it the first time I thought the warning was about `Table 2. Local installation on OpenShift` (that comes just before). So I would say that it should be moved right after `Table 3. Public cloud installation on Kubernetes or OpenShift`, but I am not an expert. Take this comment with a grain of salt.

> WARNING: Setting up [users authentication](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/) is required for deploying {prod-short} on {kubernetes} infrastructures. For {ocp} no additional setup is needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: Setting up [User's Authentication](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/) is required for deploying {prod-short} on {kubernetes} infrastructures. For {ocp} no additional setup is needed.
```

Author: @swatikarmarkar maybe `Users' Authentication` in this case?
